add exclusive position (#438)
Mapotempo/optimizer-api: CHANGELOG.md

## [v1.10.0-dev] - Unreleased

### Added

> - exclusive positions for activity thats needs to be both first and last position [#438](https://github.com/Mapotempo/optimizer-api/pull/438)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- exclusive positions for activity thats needs to be both first and last position [#438](https://github.com/Mapotempo/optimizer-api/pull/438)

```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Exclusive position for activities that needs to be both first and last position [#438](https://github.com/Mapotempo/optimizer-api/pull/438)
```
